---
layout: post
title: "November Reflection"
categories: misc
---

I forgot to make a reflection post for the moqups presentation, so this reflection will be a combination of that with the second partner meeting reflection! <br>
Creating the moqups was a smooth experience. The website had a lot of features that allowed the process to be very streamlined, and our websites overall design didn't need to be complicated in the first place which helped. From my experience working on the site thus far, I can already see certain things about the moqup becoming outdated, which is something I expected would happen as we started to work on the actual site. But overall, the moqups still capture the main idea of what the website is going to be like. <br>
At the moment, our roles in the team look like this: I work on getting the main grid/seating chart system working, Noah works on the back-end database (Razor Pages), and Colten works on getting Azure hosting working + front-end CSS and styling. I think this is a good breakup of tasks and allows me to put all my energy into getting the grid system working, which is the main component of the website and our promise to our clients. It's also the task that is going to take the longest, so after Noah and Colten are done with their respective tasks, we're going to put all our efforts together into getting the grid working properly. We're currently using an existing framework for the grid system, so at the moment I'm trying to figure out how to use the built-in features to accomplish what we want. If something already exists within in the framework and its documentation, then we are happy to use that to take pressure off of ourselves. The trickiest part about the grid is going to be incorporating the back-end with it, namely when it comes to importing a list of bachelor student names. We're saving this aspect for last because we want to make sure everything else with the grid works. <br>
Our clients liked how the website was coming together, the main thing we showed them being our basic implementation of the grid system. It could only do a few things, but it was a start and gave them an idea of what it would look like in the end. They gave a few suggestions regarding it that we are taking into consideration. Next time we meet, we're hoping to have the front-end mostly finished and a more fleshed out grid system.
